>> Scott Moss: So
taking agents to the next level,
we talked about RAG a little bit.
I had some folks bring that up.
RAG, Retrieval Augmented Generation.
It's essentially saying i'm going to,
let me describe it.
There's a really good, let me think.
I think it's Open AI
embedding me on their blog.
So let's talk about embeddings and
RAG right quick.
So the way embeddings work is that you
can take some words, you run through
an embedding model, that's another AI
model, and it outputs text as vector.
A vector is just a number between 0 and 1.
A group of these vectors
is like an embedding.
So each number is a dimension.
So an embedding model might
put out 1,536 dimensions.
So for this one piece of text,
you might get back 1,536 numbers.
That is a numerical
representation of this text.
And they save this set of numbers
in a vector database, okay?.
How RAG works is, there's a bunch of
information that you want your agent
to know about, whether it's for
question answering, whether it's just
the chat history, whatever you want your
agent to be recalled that information.
So what you do, ahead of time or
as the data comes in, it depends on what
the data is static or dynamic,
you will convert that data into vectors.
So the problem is vectors can only be so
big.
So sometimes you have to like
break those pieces of data up and
that's called like a chunking strategy.
We won't get into that, but
you convert that text into vectors.
So you convert them into this.
And then when a user asks a question,
you convert their question or
their message into a vector.
So now you have the message that the user
sent that's a vector or an embedding, and
you have all the data that you want to be
able to use to allow this user to answer
as like embeddings.
So then what they do is
that they plot them.
So here's what it look looks like if
they were like plot with their words so
the closer they are the more related
they are in like semantics and
things like that.
So like woof is closer to canine companies
say, because a woof is canine, right?
That's how a dog barks.
Feline friends say moo, so moo is
associated with this and then all the over
here a quarterback throws a football
has no relation to any of this stuff.
So if you were to plot
those 1,500 dimensions,
or however many dimensions you had, this
is roughly what it would look like, right?
Math wise, as far as like their relation.
So what you end up doing, and
here's the one that I was looking for,
is this one's actually interactive.
It's really cool.
So you can see they
uploaded a data set and
you can see the different
types of texture.
So they got animals, athletes,
film, transportation.
This is on a three dimensional plot,
but like I said,
it can be up to 1,500 dimensions.
So they're just trying to represent
that to us in three dimensions.
So you can see how closely
related things are, right?
So, like animal, I don't know,
I guess it's kind of equal.
It looks like it's pretty close
to transportation, maybe somehow.
Or what's this over here a village?
Anyway, you can see how
closely they are related.
So what you do is when
a user sends a message in,
you also convert that
message to a vector and
you put that vector on the same graph
as the other data that you stored.
And then you say, cool, here is
the user's message, find all the chunks,
the vectors that are closest to this
one and give you back K amount, right?
And that's what it'll do, and that's how
a vector database works, essentially.
So you're just plotting them in this
thing, and there's different types of
algorithms that search most people do,
like cosine similarity.
There's other ones, but
you just run that function and
it'll give you back all the ones
that are the closest using math.
So it's literally doing
math on these words.
It's kind of crazy how it works,
but that's embeddings.
So OpenAI has an embedding model
that a lot of people use to do this.
So RAG is something that is super helpful.
You will probably most
likely get into using it.
The other thing is different
types of memory strategies.
I already talked a little bit about these.
I talked a little about Human-in-the Loop.
Human-in-the Loop is very important.
Again, here's a really
good example of this.
So, for instance, if I have something
here where, I have a tool, and like for
in our system, we call it approval, but
in this example, I call it ask user.
So in order for a system to do something,
it has to ask a user.
It might even say, here's the question
I need to ask the user, and
here are the options that I
think they need to respond with.
So you can imagine putting this in
the UI is like, a message pops up and
then there's two buttons they can
pick from, this or that, right?
And then once you click
on one of those buttons,
it replies back with the tool like,
yeah, I want to do that.
And now the AI is like, great,
you told me you want cheaper with Layover,
that's what you want.
Now I can call this bookflight
knowing that that's what you wanna do.
So it calls a bookflight
with the right parameters.
So this is a human in the loop
where you could think of as
the same thing as function calling,
except for
the function needs to be called
is not a function on your server.
It's a human having to do a thing,
press a button, hit respond.
And that can happen at any time.
That happen now, that can happen later,
it doesn't matter.
A human can respond wherever they want.
So, this is very powerful.
I just don't believe you can build
a system today that does destructive or
mutative patterns, as in they write
to a system, write to a database,
they alter a database, they mutate
something, without a Human-in-the Loop.
No one's ever going to trust it.
There was an agent who was yeah,
I'll book this meeting with this person.
And you're like, show me first.
Or sure, I'll send this email off.
Wait, wait, show me the draft first
before, you'll never trust it.
You'll never trust it, so
you need an approval step and
Human-in-the Loop is
the way you can do it.
But when people say Human-in-the Loop,
they mean a lot of many different things.
This is like Human-in-the Loop as
far as task calling or tool calling.
There's also Human-in-the Loop
as far as like giving feedback.
as far as like training.
So there's many different ways
when people say Human-in-the Loop,
I'm referring to this.
Evals, Evls are good.
They're like testing the output and
accuracy against your llms.
This is someone's job.
Someone's job at a company is just to sit
down to evals all day to find metrics,
come up with different scorers,
figure out how to get data sets.
Fake data sets, real data sets,
golden data sets, and running evals.
And then maybe even improving it or
handing it off to someone else who
does their improving of the system.
But this is a whole job.
If you're taking LLM
seriously in production,
this will be more than 20% of your time.
And if it's not, you're doing it wrong.
You should be doing evals a lot.
You can't just go off fives,
it's not gonna work.
You have to do evals.
Trust me, I know it was bad.
We had to do evals.
So I spend a good part of my
time just doing evals all day.
Talk about specialized agents,
things like that, safety mechanisms.
Good luck.
[LAUGH] I mean,
we talk about the Human-in-the Loop,
that's a good safety mechanism.
The other thing you can do is you can
validate the inputs that your tool
receives to make sure that they're good.
You can have other LLMs check
the inputs of your tools,
check the outputs of your tools.
So you have the QA type thing.
You have many different steps.
There's a lot of different
things you can do.
You can get really creative with it.
Again, I encourage you to
think about it from a human.
If I just ask some person to do some work,
but they are very restricted in their
knowledge, I might have another person
check their work before it comes to me,
before it's good, right?
Or I might have another person give them
instructions, have the person do the work
and have another person check the output
of that work and then tell me about it.
So that way,
by time it gets to me, it's good.
So you have to, like, think like that
when you're developing these systems,
like how would this work if I were
like talking to a bunch of humans?
Because you're scaling human intelligence.
We talked about context window stuff.
We're not going to talk about training.
Ooh, integration patterns,
I talked a little bit about this.
I highly recommend using background jobs
if you want to be able to replace some of
this stuff and not have to burn through
a bunch of tokens when things fail.
So having like a redundant,
durable system,
there's tons of different products that
can help you with that, in my opinion.
So you have the one that I talked
about before, which was QStash.
This is what we use in production.
I think it's amazing.
Equally good is something called ingest.
That I think is also really good that.
It does something very similar.
I've seen QStash is simpler to work with,
but this is also really good.
It allows you to orchestrate steps and
code.
So each one of these is actually a job in
a queue, and they can be replayed, and
retried, and stuff like that.
It's a different way of writing code for
sure.
The best way I can describe it, if you
were to use something like this or QStash,
it's turning your service
functions into React components,
as far as like how they re-render, right?
A React component might
re-render multiple times.
So if you put a variable at the top,
that variable is gonna get
re-initialized every single time.
So therefore you use hooks like state to
make sure that doesn't get re-initialized.
It's kind of the same thing.
This function is gonna get called many,
many, many times.
So you can't really put stuff in here.
This code has to be item potent, so
it doesn't have weird side effects and
stuff like that.
It's a little weird how you write it,
but it's so great.
Highly recommend having durable systems.
Obviously, this is nothing new.
People have been building durable systems
for years, but you had to build it from
scratch and now they have systems as
a service that can do this for you.
So highly recommend checking
out one of those tools.
That are really cool.
Everything else is pretty much
stuff I already kinda talked about,
but there's, there's some more stuff
in here if you're super curious.